what if we as a nation came to realize
that the quest for Empire eventually
destroys all great nations hey welcome
back everyone I am Matt Larsen and there
is this new story that is blowing up
that is honestly beyond me on why this
is some of the mainstream media news it
was all over Fox MSNBC CNN this was some
of their big headlining stories and it
was talking about the new shell in the
history channel called the Bible and
supposedly they're saying the devil who
is the Satan of the show the Antichrist
the bad person the devil you know the
big red horns bad person like that is
supposedly supposed to look like Barack
Obama and you're looking at the photo of
the two and honestly you know it who
cares why is this mainstream news why
are we not talking about Cyprus banks
being shut down until this thursday and
then possibly stealing 62 up to ten
percent of everyone's savings in there
to pay down their debt so they don't
default why are we not talking about the
u.s. bombers practicing us strikes which
would be nuclear on North Korea why are
we not talking about the billions of
ammo that's being stockpiled by the DHS
and thousands of defense weapons notice
how their defense weapons and not
assault rifles when it comes to the
government owning it why are we not
talking about indefinite detention just
being the norm now it's prolonged
detention why are we not talking about
our rights that are just getting
desecrated and completely destroyed why
are we not talking about our First
Amendment why are we not talking about
the Second Amendment in dianne feinstein
trying to everything she can in the
Senate Judiciary Committee to basically
ban the image a large majority of
firearms out there now people are going
to say oh but she leaves like two
thousand some why should she be able to
ban one type of firearm that's like
saying you know we're going to protect
some forms of speech for certain people
because it's not going to hurt anyone
but if it offends some people oh well
we're gonna limit that you know no
that's that's just evil speech and hate
speech and assault speech and all this
other kind of crap
out there why is the media covering this
stuff you won't know why they're
covering this kind of junk because they
really don't want you to know the truth
and what is going on the Obama looking
like the devil Satan in the new history
show the Bible is creating hype for the
show and it's going to make that company
money they don't want you to actually be
informed on the issues that actually
pertain to us Americans that pertain to
the whole world they don't want you to
know what's actually going on and they
want you to just passively sit down and
just watch whoever's on TV and talk
about American Idol the lamestream media
is doing everything they can to dumb you
down so if you guys want to stay up to
date on all the current political moves
make sure you hit the subscribe button
so you can stay up to date on all
current political news but for now you
guys all ask that you guys do is please
thumbs up this video share it with
friends and family and like I said
before if you're new to my videos make
sure you click that subscribe button so
you can stay up to date on all the
current political news as always I'm
Matt Larsen go Ron Paul peace